Add a page documenting triage projects. (#52)
godotengine/godot-contributing-docs: other/triage_projects.rst

.. _doc_triage_projects:

Helping out teams (using triage projects)
=========================================

Godot is organized into :ref:`teams <doc_areas>`, and some teams actively maintain a **triage project**.

Triage projects can be seen as the teams' public to-do list: It is where they keep track of bugs and proposals,
and organize them by importance and complexity.

There are several ways to contribute, even if you are not a maintainer! Feel free to browse the issues
and help the team out by implementing fixes or :ref:`reviewing pull requests <doc_pr_review_guidelines>`.

Keep reading further to learn how to do this effectively.

How to use triage projects
--------------------------

Triage projects use GitHub's "Projects" feature, which you can learn more about in `GitHub's documentation <https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/learning-about-projects/about-projects>`__.

> They are organized in tabs, each of which represent some view of the underlying data. Tabs may differ team by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are organized into tabs, each of which represents some view of the underlying data. Tabs may differ from team to
```

.. _doc_triage_projects:

Helping out teams (using triage projects)
=========================================

Godot is organized into :ref:`teams <doc_areas>`, and some teams actively maintain a **triage project**.

> Triage projects can be seen as the teams' public to-do list: It is where they keep track of bugs and proposals,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triage projects can be seen as the teams' public to-do lists: It is where they keep track of bugs and proposals,
```

If you start working on an issue, but aren't a maintainer, please comment on the issue that you are doing so.

Triage guidelines
-----------------

.. note::

    Only maintainers and members of the :team:`Bugsquad <triage>` can edit triage projects, regular contributors
    can only view them. To participate, get involved with the :ref:`team <doc_areas>` or the :ref:`Bugsquad <doc_triage>`!

Generally, each team is free to use the triage projects as they see fit. Always consult with your
team about how to use the triage project effectively.

That being said, here are some things to keep in mind:

- **Respect our code of conduct.** Please keep in mind that triage projects are public. Use the "Comments" column respectfully.
- **Only triage what you know.** For example, if you don't know how complex a solution is going to be, it is better not to fill this value in than to guess.
- **Use triage projects to your advantage.** If you were hoping to implement a feature or track down a bug, but can't get around to it, make an issue or proposal and link it in the triage project. Community members may come and help you out!

> - **Be selective about "Up for grabs".** Contributors see this tag as a signal to start working on issues. For proposals especially, please only use if you actually want to see implementations for this proposal posted by the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Be selective about "Up for grabs".** Contributors see this tag as a signal to start working on issues.
  For proposals especially, please only use it if you actually want to see implementations for this proposal posted by the community.
```
